I guess in this uh tutorial,
I want to show you how to download and
install uh Gemma 4 uh model is
uh 26 billion
while you're using the LM uh Studio, as
you can see here.
It's work so fine. It works offline and
locally.
Uh okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing's first, go here to
Chrome. After that, search for LM
Studio.
Okay, before I install the LM Studio, I
have to download it.
And install Gemma
4. Okay, download for Windows.
Click this button and the downloading is
begin. Uh okay, downloading is finished.
Let's go here to this folder and double
click here
to install the LM Studio.
Agree. Okay, only for me and anyone who
uses this computer. Next.
Yes.
Agree. Okay.
Okay, the installation is begin.
Uh this LM Studio is allows you to
download and uh use AI models locally
and privately using
your PC. You can use ChatGPT
locally without internet, Queen 3, Gemma
3, or Gemma 4.
Uh Deep Seek and other types of
AI models.
Okay, let's minimize this one.
Okay, as you can see, the installation
of the LM Studio is finished. I take
this one, hit finish, and go right here.
Run
as administrator.
Okay, this is the interface of your LM
Studio. Get started.
It's updating LM catalog.
Uh okay.
For us, we have to use I want to use the
Gemma 4, not the Gemma 3.
Okay.
Let's skip for now.
Uh developer mode access that's fancy
setting at
developer box feature. Enable this one.
Okay.
I don't want to install. Okay.
I think it's fine. Okay, now, let's
press this button, select model, and
search for Gemma 4.
Okay, this is the final version of the
Gemma.
There is a lot of version.
Uh this one, Gemma 4, 26 billion
instruction. This is the
You can download this one, 4K model, or
6K model, or 8K
uh model.
For us, this is the new model. Okay,
let's try this one, 4K.
And hit download, and the downloading is
begin.
Okay, let's press this X
uh button, and let's go right here.
Okay,
uh the LM Studio has downloaded two
files, the LM
LMACC PB
uh for Nvidia code with the and this
one.
Okay.
Pause the video right now, and uh return
when the downloading is finished.
As you can see, guys, downloading is of
Gemma 4
uh 26 billion is finished. Okay, now we
have to glo-
to load this model from here.
Click load.
Or you can press right here and choose
mine
uh model, this one.
Or from this. Choose as you want. Okay,
let's choose this one. As you can see,
it's loading right now.
Now,
uh let's close the internet and use this
model.
And let's see.
Uh okay, as you can see here,
we have turned it off the Wi-Fi right
now. Now, let's go here to my model and
search any one.
Okay, I want uh for example to create
Netflix clone.
Okay, create Netflix clone website using
Next.js, uh TypeScript, Tailwind CSS.
Okay, before you run it, we have to see
we have to launch the task manager and
see the usage of the RAM,
CPU, and the VRAM.
Okay, as you can
see,
uh this uses uh actually we have to use
it 20.
Why it used this?
Uh because we asked this problem. Okay.
Uh let's let's let's see.
Okay, look at this, the memory of the
RAM, it used the
around 25 GB of RAM.
For the GPU, it used around 11 GB.
Okay, now it's still thinking.
Okay, let's close it.
And let's relaunch it, and let's see
if you have the same value or not.
Okay, it's the same. Okay, as you can
see, 26 GB of RAM. The CPU it uses uh
50% of
the memory,
3.6 GB.
For the VRAM, it used this the division
of the utilization of the VRAM, 27%.
Okay, this is steps to use
to create this clone,
Netflix
project structure, and other things.
Okay, guys, this is all for this
tutorial. See you later on the next
tutorial.